Part 5: Answer following questions:
Why do we need dynamic programming? What's the difference of dynamic programming and previous talked search problme?
1. Can get the global optimal solution;
2. You can get a family of optimal solutions;
3. Since the dynamic programming method reflects the connection and characteristics of the dynamic process evolution, the actual knowledge and experience can be used to improve the efficiency of the calculation

Why do we still need dynamic programming? Why not we train a machine learning to fit a function which could get the right answer based on inputs?
Compared with machine learning, dynamic programming is relatively simple. Only one algorithm is needed to solve the problem. However, machine learning needs some data. 
First, it is necessary to train and fit a function before it can be used. The steps are cumbersome.

Can you catch up at least 3 problems which could solved by Dynamic Programming?
1.Longest common subsequence problem,
2.Matrix multiplication problem,
3.Convex polygon optimal triangulation problem,
4.Circuit wiring and other issues

Can you catch up at least 3 problems wich could sloved by Edit Distance?
1.Text similarity
2.Text Correction
3.Determine the similarity of two DNAs

Please summarize the three main features of Dynamic Programming, and make a concise explain for each feature.
1, the optimal substructure
The optimal solution of the mother problem contains the optimal solution of its subproblem, which we call the optimal substructure.
 That is to say, when the sub-problem is optimal, the mother problem can be optimized by the optimization.
2, sub-questions overlap
The sub-problem is essentially the same as the parent problem. It is just that the input parameters of the problem are different. 
It can be called sub-problem overlap. This is the efficient nature of dynamic programming to solve the problem. We can use many sub-questions with the same input. 
This property of parameters reduces the amount of computation.
3, the problem exists in the boundary
The sub-problem does not have sub-problems under certain circumstances. We call this situation a boundary for the problem. For the top-up and bottom-down methods, the boundary is the exit and entrance of the problem.
4, the sub-questions are independent of each other
The sub-problems are independent of each other in solving the optimal solution, that is, the solution of the self-problem is irrelevant to other parallel sub-problems. 
When the parallel sub-problem is solved, when the choice is handed over to the parent problem, it will consider the relationship between the sub-problems, whether to find the maximum or minimum, 
or to do the relevant operation to get the optimal solution of the parent problem.

What's the disadvantages of Dynamic Programming? (You may need search by yourself in Internet)
1. There is no uniform standard model;
2. There is a dimensional disaster when solving numerical methods